README.md, before:

Testing with Postman


<b>🎥 Postman</b>
<ul>
    <li>https://www.postman.com/</li>
    <li>https://www.postman.com/downloads/</li>
</ul>
<br>

GET List:

<img width="1868" height="1004" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 14-22-32" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/20990c65-9609-4620-a7e3-3b561b6626cd" />
<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-27-58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa505df-55ad-4347-b5a4-c3d6f5c5e21d" />

POST Stream, Create review:

<img width="1841" height="965" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 20-14-11" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a1f839f-e6fa-4774-aeba-45a7dcdd2b7c" />
<img width="1841" height="965" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 20-55-25" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a92d620c-fdd7-4fcd-a40f-e763240958a5" />

Login:

<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-26-46" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e20d12e7-3f31-44ca-ab6b-155ca0aa17e2" />
<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-32-11" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee6f3eed-fae5-4676-b837-93e8a334eae2" />

Logout:

<img width="1592" height="928" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 17-45-39" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c14857c0-3b94-435b-81df-d6c8611162a4" />

Filtering, Searching, Orderin:

<img width="1462" height="787" alt="filterbyusername" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/512c3171-eb00-40fe-a4e6-b5077fb6f218" />
<img width="1450" height="910" alt="filterbynameandactive" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65bd208b-486e-407e-8fce-7a51a3bfd44d" />
<img width="1460" height="762" alt="usernamefilter" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fa392d4-eb8d-4658-967b-eb61f1176105" />

Throttling 

<img width="1442" height="795" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 11-28-30" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd38967e-ec3e-4b85-903c-aa2a2f18ffbe" />
<img width="1443" height="789" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 11-30-06" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dc9fcf5-6cba-4c46-bc5a-e9ecb042ef37" />

Pagination

<img width="1437" height="1041" alt="pagination" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cd24003-10cf-47a3-b3f6-782343a88e7a" />
<img width="1437" height="1041" alt="pagination2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e47a4fe-8894-430c-9529-44641226b847" />

Commit message:

update readme and images testing

README.md, after:

1.- Clone Repo and branches.

1.- Create virtual enviroment.

2.- install requirements.txt and run the projects in your local.

3.- Movie Folder has different branch to test the code.

4.- Watch folder Final backed application.
Testing with Postman

5.- Testing with Postman and with API Testing

<b>🎥 Postman</b>
<ul>
    <li>https://www.postman.com/</li>
    <li>https://www.postman.com/downloads/</li>
</ul>
<br>

GET List:

<img width="1868" height="1004" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 14-22-32" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/20990c65-9609-4620-a7e3-3b561b6626cd" />
<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-27-58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa505df-55ad-4347-b5a4-c3d6f5c5e21d" />

POST Stream, Create review:

<img width="1841" height="965" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 20-14-11" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a1f839f-e6fa-4774-aeba-45a7dcdd2b7c" />
<img width="1841" height="965" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 20-55-25" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a92d620c-fdd7-4fcd-a40f-e763240958a5" />

Login:

<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-26-46" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e20d12e7-3f31-44ca-ab6b-155ca0aa17e2" />
<img width="1559" height="854" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 15-32-11" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee6f3eed-fae5-4676-b837-93e8a334eae2" />

Logout:

<img width="1592" height="928" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-29 17-45-39" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c14857c0-3b94-435b-81df-d6c8611162a4" />

Filtering, Searching, Orderin:

<img width="1462" height="787" alt="filterbyusername" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/512c3171-eb00-40fe-a4e6-b5077fb6f218" />
<img width="1450" height="910" alt="filterbynameandactive" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65bd208b-486e-407e-8fce-7a51a3bfd44d" />
<img width="1460" height="762" alt="usernamefilter" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fa392d4-eb8d-4658-967b-eb61f1176105" />

Throttling 

<img width="1442" height="795" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 11-28-30" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd38967e-ec3e-4b85-903c-aa2a2f18ffbe" />
<img width="1443" height="789" alt="Screenshot from 2025-08-30 11-30-06" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dc9fcf5-6cba-4c46-bc5a-e9ecb042ef37" />

Pagination

<img width="1437" height="1041" alt="pagination" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cd24003-10cf-47a3-b3f6-782343a88e7a" />
<img width="1437" height="1041" alt="pagination2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e47a4fe-8894-430c-9529-44641226b847" />
